README.md, before:

Minimalist e-commerce store template bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and built with [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.netlify.com/) for re-usability, responsiveness, and accessibility in both style and function. 

### Demo: [netlify link]
Example made as a shoe store.


### Features
---

Tabbed interface product grid by product category. 

Additional products easily added. 

Modals for product quick preview and cart in progress.


## Available Scripts
---

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

Commit message:

Style nav and tabs, add screenshot to README

README.md, after:

Minimalist e-commerce store template bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and built with [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.netlify.com/) for re-usability, responsiveness, and accessibility in both style and function. 

### Demo: 
![Demo](./images/screenshot-7-15-19.png)
Example made as a shoe store.


### Features
---

Tabbed interface product grid. 

Additional products easily added. 

Modals for product quick preview and cart in progress, as well as categories and style continuity with home page.


## Available Scripts
---

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!
